[Draft] Incrementing minimum Android API level for DataStore (#4685)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/datastore/android/getting-started/10_preReq.mdx

> * An Android application targeting Android API level 24 (Android 7.0) or above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An Android application targeting Android API level 21 (Android 5.0) or above
```

Reviewer: Our minimum seems to be 21 with our usage of OkHttp v4+
